Update seats and users docs (#1765)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-cloud/access-control/access-control-overview.md

These permission sets are available for assignment to groups and control the ability
for users in these groups to take specific actions in the dbt Cloud application.

> In the following example, the _Admins_ group is configured with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following example, the _dbt Cloud Owners_ group is configured with the
```
